= story

This project provides an executable, named +story+, that can be
used to run suites of rspec plain text user stories.

The command line runner expects a project layout like so:

  stories/stories/logging_in.story
  stories/stories/feature.story
  stories/stories/feature/topic.story

Given the path <tt>stories/stories/feature/topic.story</tt>, this
story runner will automatically provide it with the following step
groups when run:

  feature, topic, feature/topic

The step groups should be loaded from your helper, typically in
<tt>stories/helper.rb</tt> with a line such as:

  Dir['steps/**/*.rb'].each { |f| require f }

To be clear, the file <tt>stories/steps/feature/topic.rb</tt> might
contain something like:

  steps_for('feature/topic') do
    Given('...') do ... end
  end

You are not, however, limited to this naming scheme. It could just
as well contain:

  steps_for('when topic within some feature') do ... end

And, provided your stories include that step group name, the steps
will be available.


== Command line usage

Command line arguments include:

  -R, --rails
    run stories as type RailsStory
    default: --no-rails

  -s, --step-group NAME
    add step groups which will be provided to every story run.
    specify multiple times to add more.
    default: NONE

  -H, --helper
    specify the path to the story helper file to load
    default: stories/helper

  -S, --story-dir
    specifies the root path for your plain text stories; this
    is stripped from path names before inferring step group names.
    default: stories/stories

  -O, --options
    specify a .opts file to load command line arguments from
    default: stories/story.opts is always loaded if present

  -h, --help
    display help


== Specifying required steps inside the story

As the first line of a .story file, you can specify steps to be loaded in
addition to those deduced from its pathname:

  # +steps: auth, data creation

When run, this story will expect to have step groups named 'auth' and
'data creation' available in the environment.


== Configuration file

If the file <tt>stories/story.opts</tt> is present, or another file was
specified with the command line option -O, then options are loaded from
the file in the same manner as <tt>spec/spec.opts</tt>.

An example <tt>story.opts</tt> for a Rails project might be:

  --rails
  --step-group
  auth
  --step-group
  webrat

Any lines following a line containing '--' will be passed on to rspec's
option parser:

  --rails
  --
  --colour

Will run the stories with colours enabled. This feature is not yet
available from the command line, and will not work on the 1.1.3 release.
If you would like to use it, build your gem from rspec's git repository.


== Credits

Bryan Helmkamp wrote the original version of this file, script/story,
and posted it to the rspec-users mailing list.

I realize now that I just copied the standard files into the project
directory, including an MIT-LICENSE with my name on it. This is
despite the fact that the initial version was 99% someone else's work.
Sorry, I'm dumb and wasn't really thinking about the crap I packaged.
